Updated index.rst file (#308)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: README.rst

    :target: https://www.astropy.org
    :alt: Powered by Astropy

> .. note::
> 
>    ``Jdaviz`` is one tool that is part of STScI's larger `Data Analysis Tools Ecosystem <https://jwst-docs.stsci.edu/jwst-post-pipeline-data-analysis>`_.
> 
> .. note::
> 
>    ``Jdaviz`` has complete `documentation <https://jdaviz.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_.
> 
> ``jdaviz`` is a package of astronomical data analysis visualization
> tools based on the Jupyter platform.  These GUI-based tools link data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``jdaviz`` is a package of astronomical data analysis visualization tools based on the Jupyter platform. It is one tool that is a part of STScI's larger `Data Analysis Tools Ecosystem <https://jwst-docs.stsci.edu/jwst-post-pipeline-data-analysis>`_. These GUI-based tools link data
```
